Speed up device_scheduler with a recursive stock balance (#2282)
FlexMeasures/flexmeasures: documentation/changelog.rst

----------------------
* Upgraded dependencies [see `PR #1485 <https://www.github.com/FlexMeasures/flexmeasures/pull/1485>`_, `PR #2215 <https://www.github.com/FlexMeasures/flexmeasures/pull/2215>`_ and `PR #2243 <https://www.github.com/FlexMeasures/flexmeasures/pull/2243>`_]
* Prepare the ``device_scheduler`` to deal with commitments per device group [see `PR #1934 <https://www.github.com/FlexMeasures/flexmeasures/pull/1934>`_]

> * Speed up scheduling on longer horizons by expressing device stock as a recursive balance instead of a running sum, so the number of model nonzeros grows linearly rather than quadratically with the horizon (about 10x faster solves at the 2-day default horizon, 23x at 3 days) [see `PR #2282 <https://www.github.com/FlexMeasures/flexmeasures/pull/2282>`_]

Author: ```suggestion
* Speed up scheduling on longer horizons using a recursive stock model, making the solve time linear with the horizon instead of quadratic (about 10x faster solves at the 2-day default horizon, 23x at 3 days) [see `PR #2282 <https://www.github.com/FlexMeasures/flexmeasures/pull/2282>`_]
```

Author: Applied in 1cb9c9d9c.
